# Principles-of-Financial-Computing-2018s

1. Write a program to price the American put and its delta based on the CRR binomial tree. Inputs: (1) S (spot price), (2) X (strike price), (3) r (risk-free interest rate), (4) s (volatility), (5) T (years), (6) n (number of periods). Output: put price and delta. For example, assume S = 100, X = 105, r = 0.03, s = 0.25, T = 1, and n = 300. Then the put price is 11.4336 and the delta is −0.5066. Please send your source code, executable code, and a brief explanation file if necessary (e.g., how to run it?) using the CEIBA system (CSIE 7134) before 08:00 AM of April 4, 2018. No late submissions will be accepted. Compress your files into a single file and name it StudentID_HW_1 for easy reference. Example: R91922054_HW_1. Even if you need to make an appointment with 盧政良 for demonstration because of the unusual software you use, you still have to submit the files before the deadline.

2. Write a program to price the European arithmetic average-rate knock-in call on a non-dividend-paying stock; calculate its delta too. Note that the payoff is the same as the Asian call, and the knock-in barrier is triggered by the average price too. Inputs: (1) S (spot price), (2) X (strike price), (3) H (barrier price), (4) T (years), (5) r (risk-free interest rate), (6) s (volatility), (7) n (number of periods), (8) k (number of buckets). Output: call price and its delta. For example, assume S = 100, X = 100, H = 110, T = 1, r = 0.05, s = 0.30, and n = 200, and k = 100. Then the call price is 8.3514 and its delta is 0.5726. Please send your source code, executable code, and a brief explanation file if necessary (e.g., how to run it?) using the CEIBA system (CSIE 7134) before 08:00 AM of May 9, 2018. No late submissions will be accepted. Compress your files into a single file and name it StudentID_HW_1 for easy reference. Example: R91922054_HW_1. Even if you need to make an appointment with 盧政良 for demonstration because of the unusual software you use, you still have to submit the files before the deadline.

3. Write a least-squares Monte Carlo program to price American-style Asian puts. Note that the payoff is the same as the Asian put (of course, it is based on the running average if early exercised). Output its price and standard error. Inputs: (1) S (spot price), (2) X (strike price), (3) T (years), (4) r (risk-free interest rate), (5) s (volatility), (6) n (number of periods), (8) k (number of simulation paths). Output: put price and its standard error. For example, assume S = 100, X = 100, T = 1, r = 0.05, s = 0.30, n = 100, and k = 100000. Then the put price is 5.5126 and its standard error is 0.0251. Please send your source code, executable code, and a brief explanation file if necessary (e.g., how to run it?) using the CEIBA system (CSIE 7134) before 08:00 AM of May 30, 2018. No late submissions will be accepted. Compress your files into a single file and name it StudentID_HW_3 for easy reference. Example: R91922054_HW_3. Even if you need to make an appointment with 盧政良 for demonstration because of the unusual software you use, you still have to submit the files before the deadline.

4. Write a program to price European put options based on the GARCH model (Ritchken-Trevor algorithm). Output its price. Inputs: E (days before expiration), r (%) (interest rate), S (stock price at time 0), h0, b0, b1, b2, c, X (strike price), n1 (number of partitions per day), n2 (number of variances per node). For example, the option price is about 2.0163 when E = 30, r (%) = 5, S = 100, h0 = 0.010469, b0 = 0.000006575, b1 = 0.9, b2 = 0.04, c = 0, X = 100, n1 = 3, n2 = 3. Please send your source code, executable code, and a brief explanation file if necessary (e.g., how to run it?) using the CEIBA system (CSIE 7134) before 08:00 AM of June 20, 2018. No late submissions will be accepted. Compress your files into a single file and name it StudentID_HW_4 for easy reference. Example: R91922054_HW_4. Even if you need to make an appointment with 盧政良 for demonstration because of the unusual software you use, you still have to submit the files before the deadline.